In the last lecture we had a child routeing Let's improve this app a little bit more in our service
component.
We have links loading to individual servers.
So the single server component this component here with does allow added query parameter so now any
server component we should add some button where we say added server because right now we get no way
of reaching the edits or component.
Besides manually typing this route here just your into your hour you are l.
So let's add a button to the service component.
I'll add some see as those classes to make this look nice and of course I'll add a click listener where
I say on add it again does this on a single server component.
So here are add on added method.
And in here I now want to navigate to the added server component.
We learned how to do this we need to get access to the router so that we are able to call the navigate
method.
So let's inject it.
Make sure to also add to import from an Anglo router.
And with that injected in on adults we can navigate you'll learn how to Judus So maybe a time to pause
the video and try it on your own.
This is how I would do it.
I would call my router.
Then of course we have to navigate Methot And here we need to pass an array and we simply want to append
add it to the end of the currently loaded route.
So you could of course also use slash servers the relative path then use the idea of the currently roaded
loaded server again server ID and then append edit.
But since we already are on this path why not just use a relative route and just use edit.
Now you've learned if you want to use a relative router relative pop here when using the navigator method
you need to set up the relative to property here on the second argument on this object you can pass
to navigate and referenced the currently loaded route so that the angler router knows to which route
you want to navigate relatively.
So with this we should load the slash EDID route we should append it to the end of our currently loaded
route.
Let's see if this works if we go to servers click on a server and click on edit.
We load the edit server page.
And now here we want to control on where the user is allowed to update to edit the server or not.
The issue is you see we theoretically have our equerry presence here a low edit always said to one in
this case but we lose this information as soon as we click Edit server.
So that is something we need to fix before we can use the information there.
We will fix that in the next lecture before doing so let's implement the rest of the logic though let's
say here on the service component where we set the allow added query parameter we don't always want
to set this to 1 to true.
Therefore we want to decide on whether we want to allow the editing depending on the server ID lets
say.
So only if the server ID equals free let's say only in this case we want to allow edits we want to set
it to 1 otherwise we will set it to zero.
So that's just a ternary expression.
Checking the server ID and if it's not equal to free will set it to zero.
So we will set the allow added parameter to zero.
That's the first step.
Now an added server of course we you want to be able to retrieve our Querrey perhaps.
So here we already get to subscribe method on the Querrey prims.
Now here I want to determine on whether we are allowed to edit or not.
So I will add a new allow added property here and set it to false either initially but whenever this
changes here in the query parameters I want to get my query parents which are all of type parents to
be imported from an Anglo router.
And then here in the method body I will set this allow added equal to my query per Elmes year equal
tudy allow added ID or property we set there.
And now this ever is one string of one of course you get all the past through as a string here in which
case I want to set allow edit to true if it is not one I will set it to false though.
And in the template of this component we could simply add a heading let's say where we say your not
allowed to edit if then you can use NGF for this if allow added is false so if not allow added and we
wrap all the rest in a new div.
So all this part you're only if it is true.
And now all of a sudden we would control this.
But again the issue is if you click on edit server or equerry programs disappear.
So it is always Indeed you're not allowed to edit mode.
Let's fix it in the next lecture.
Let's see how we can actually preserve our equerry parents once we navigate again.